README.md, before:

sa-uwsgi-container
==================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/softasap/sa-uwsgi-container.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/softasap/sa-uwsgi-container)

Helper role to be executed with `ansible-container` aiming to build uwsgi based service for your application. Role is based on `sa-uwsgi` role,
your docker image might be any of ubuntu (14.04 LTS / 16.04 LTS), CentOS 7+, Fedora 25+, Alpine (3.4. 3.5 +)



Code in action
--------------


Temporary hints
---------------

(1)

at a moment ansible-container is highly under development. You might spot issues, that are fixed in develop branch only.

In that case you might need to install ansible-container from source, i.e.

```shell

git clone https://github.com/ansible/ansible-container.git
cd ansible-container
git checkout develop
pip install -e .[docker,openshift]
```

If for some reason install is messed (manual packages updates, removals, etc) - try pip install with `--ignore-installed` flag.

later, when issue fix is released - to uninstall package installed in that way from source:

At {virtualenv}/lib/python2.7/site-packages/ (if not using virtualenv then {system_dir, like /usr/local}/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/)

remove the egg file (e.g. ansible-container.egg-link) if there is any;

from file easy-install.pth, remove the corresponding line (it should be a path to the source directory or of an egg file).

(2)

When using box-example, pay attention to `container.yml`, in particular, `conductor_base` should be derived
from the same distribution as you're building your target containers with, check list of currently supported base systems:


(3)
  If your system services are derived from different OS base images, than ... ?


Copyright and license
---------------------

Code is dual licensed under the [BSD 3 clause] (https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause) and the [MIT License] (http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT). Choose the one that suits you best.

Reach us:

Subscribe for roles updates at [FB] (https://www.facebook.com/SoftAsap/)

Join gitter discussion channel at [Gitter](https://gitter.im/softasap)

Discover other roles at  http://www.softasap.com/roles/registry_generated.html

visit our blog at http://www.softasap.com/blog/archive.html

Commit message:

Support for uwsgi demo (#1)
Basic play for uwsgi application deployed with ansible container

README.md, after:

sa-uwsgi-container
==================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/softasap/sa-uwsgi-container.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/softasap/sa-uwsgi-container)

Helper role to be executed with `ansible-container` aiming to build uwsgi based service for your application. Role is based on `sa-uwsgi` role,
your docker image might be any of ubuntu (14.04 LTS / 16.04 LTS), CentOS 7+, Fedora 25+, Alpine (3.4. 3.5 +)



Code in action
--------------

See box-example for the standalone working example. It will configure application
image that will display 'OK' on connect - check it out:

[![](https://github.com/play-with-docker/stacks/raw/cff22438cb4195ace27f9b15784bbb497047afa7/assets/images/button.png)](http://play-with-docker.com?stack=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/softasap/sa-uwsgi-container/master/box-example/docker-compose-try.yml)


Temporary hints
---------------

(1)

at a moment ansible-container is highly under development. You might spot issues, that are fixed in develop branch only.

In that case you might need to install ansible-container from source, i.e.

```shell

git clone https://github.com/ansible/ansible-container.git
cd ansible-container
git checkout develop
pip install -e .[docker,openshift]
```

If for some reason install is messed (manual packages updates, removals, etc) - try pip install with `--ignore-installed` flag.

later, when issue fix is released - to uninstall package installed in that way from source:

At {virtualenv}/lib/python2.7/site-packages/ (if not using virtualenv then {system_dir, like /usr/local}/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/)

remove the egg file (e.g. ansible-container.egg-link) if there is any;

from file easy-install.pth, remove the corresponding line (it should be a path to the source directory or of an egg file).

(2)

When using box-example, pay attention to `container.yml`, in particular, `conductor_base` should be derived
from the same distribution as you're building your target containers with, check list of currently supported base systems:


(3)
  If your system services are derived from different OS base images, than ... ?


Copyright and license
---------------------

Code is dual licensed under the [BSD 3 clause] (https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause) and the [MIT License] (http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT). Choose the one that suits you best.

Reach us:

Subscribe for roles updates at [FB] (https://www.facebook.com/SoftAsap/)

Join gitter discussion channel at [Gitter](https://gitter.im/softasap)

Discover other roles at  http://www.softasap.com/roles/registry_generated.html

visit our blog at http://www.softasap.com/blog/archive.html
